s

ΗΗΕΗΗΑΜΗ 2 n3

among which are some comedies of a very
singular charaster. They are nor only rn
ahigh degree, pathetic5 hut the sceneos
them rs said vn an tiquity3 and great per· .
sonages, such as Isings, Princeffes, &e are
os the drama. He harh besrdes endea-¹
· voured to justify this extraordinary species¹
os comedy by a very ingenious presace. n
will· therefore be necessary forme to en
amine this new system, and to obviate, as
'sar as 1 can, the prejudices which the

name os the author, and the intrinsrc merit ’

os the plays themselves, vvils occafionin
favour of rr. .

His system, as explained 111 the presace ·
ro these comedies‚1s,briefly, this.

“The sttbij of dramatis representa·

“ tion, he observes, is some event or astion
“ oss suman lise, which can be confideres
“only 1n two vievvs, as being either that
“os publ sc, or os private, persons. she
send os such representation, continues he,
“is to plesse, which rt doth either by ,
‹xeugaging the attention, or by moving ·
⁴⁴the paffiona. The former rs done by
¹trepresenting to us such events as are

P 3 . ¹“greot,

 

