3⁶ nores oN run

ing appearance of its intending the further be-
nefit of the art. The coincidence, then, of the
same general malbod, as well as destgn, in the two
epistleS‚ made it not improper to give them toge-¹
ther, endon the same footing,fto the public.'
Though both the fiabjelt and methodos this last

' are so clear as to make a continued commentary

upon it much less wanted.

ἠ 4. 81 ronco sermone uouere run ruru-=

Porto, CAESAR] The poet is thought to bes
gin with apologizing sor the floriness of r'hh
epyllia. And yet 'tis one of the longest he ever
wrote. How is this inconfistency to be reconq
ciled? “ Horace parle peutetre ainsi pour ne pas
‘f rebuter Auguste, et pour lui faire connoitre,
ξ’ qu'il auroit fait une lettre, beaucoup plus,¹
‘⁶ longue, s'il avoitsuivi son inclination.” This
is the best account os the matter we have, hi-
therto, been able to come at. But the familiar
civility of such a compliment, as M. Dacier
supposes, though it might be well enough to an
equal, or, if dressed up in spruce phrases, might
make a figure in the lettres familieres er galanus os
his own nation; yet ie surely os a cast, entirely
foreign to the Roman gravity, more especially
in an address to the emperor os the world. Mr. ¹
Pope, perceiving the absurdity of the common
interpretation, seems to haye read the lines.

interro-

 

