tri-ttnrtttri· ης
and, on the contrary, why eomedy deli'ghtr
in seigned, subjecit, ¹arrd new.
-1 The tame genius inthe two dramas is
observabit· itt-their-draught oi thuratiers,
. Coinedy makes all its Gharatiers genera&
:Trigedyspcrticuian The=Avareof Moliere
irnot· so properly thepitturerf a covetous
itan, as of covettusnffs itsetfi· Racine’s
Nero, on the other hand, ir not a pitiure of
cruelty, hut of a eruti man.

Ye‘t here it wilt be· proper to guard <
against two mistt'ket, which the prin'ciples
now delivered may' ·be 'thought to coun-
tenance. ’ . ’ ”
The'flrst'it with 'regar'd to t'ragic cha·
raiiers, which l say are particular. My
‘meaning ix, they are mort particular than
those οἷ’ tpmedy. That is, the en'd o‘f
'tragedy does n'ot require or permit the· poet
tr draw together so many of those rha-
raheristir circumstances which ihew the
manners, as 'dohedyt For, in the former
of these dramas, no more of charaihtr is
ihe'wn, thtn'what· the courseof the· athon
'hectiiariiy -catls‘ forth. Whereas,-all or
most of the ferraret-by which. it is usually

N ‘4 distin·

 

